[DEVCOMMS-644] Doc Proximity (#1574)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/mp-delivery/cancel-order.en.md

# Cancel order

> To cancel a request that was accepted in the POS, perform a put sending the `shipment_id` and the` access-token` (generated by the OAuth authentication process) to the endpoint [/proximity-integration/shipment/{shipment_id}/cancel](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/pt/reference/mp_delivery/_proximity-integration_shipments_shipment_id_cancel/put). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To cancel an order that was accepted in the POS, perform a PUT sending the `shipment_id` and the` access-token` (generated by the OAuth authentication process) to the endpoint [/proximity-integration/shipment/{shipment_id}/cancel](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/pt/reference/mp_delivery/_proximity-integration_shipments_shipment_id_cancel/put). 
```

Check [Security](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/security/oauth/introduction) for more information about OAuth.

> NEXT_STEP_CARD_EN
>
> Store management
>

> > Learn how to consult and manage informations of stores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Learn how to consult and manage store information.
```
